Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(suspenseful music)
(dark orchestral music)
(chains clink)
(woman moans)
(woman pants)
(woman sobs)
(footsteps clack)
(woman gasps)
(ominous tones)
(tape tears)
(woman pants)
- Who are you?
What do you want?
(ominous tones)
- You don't know?
You should know.
(alarm clock bleeps)
(woman gasps and pants)
(thud)
(woman sighs)
(somber piano music)
(woman breathes deeply)
(bright acoustic music)
- Hands up!
- Don't shoot!
- I see!
- Who shoots?
- No justice!
- No peace!
- Yesterday. after the Grand
Jury's verdict to not indict
the officer. riots broke out
in this exact neighborhood.
Let's go to the footage now.
(protestors yell)
- The problem is there seems to be
a continuation of racial entitlement.
- Freedom for all people!
- Freedom for black people!
(brushing)
(peaceful acoustic music)
♪ I'm thinking about. thinking
about times that I wish ♪
♪ I wish that I was with you ♪
♪ I'm sorry if that was your girl. man ♪
♪ You know that I had no clue ♪
♪ But I'm in love and she in love too ♪
♪ I got her writing.
you know that I will ♪
♪ Pull out my phone.
she put it on private ♪
♪ I know she callin' me out of the blue ♪
(car doors slam)
(suspenseful orchestral music)
- What's up?
(music swells)
(man chuckles)
- Funny. (laughs)
- You was scared.
- Y'all into?
- Hey. come check out some of these moves.
- All right.
♪ I'm thinking about. thinking
about times that I wish ♪
♪ I wish that I was with you ♪
♪ I'm sorry if that was your girl. man ♪
♪ You know that I had no clue ♪
♪ But I'm in love and she in love too ♪
♪ I got her writing. you know
that I will. pull out my phone ♪
- What's up. y'all?
- All right. Jeff!
♪ I'm swerving. I'm waitin'
and shorty got us singin' ♪
♪ I'm ballin'. Chernoby.
girl. I really hope ♪
- That's tight right there.
All right.
- Hey. where tryin' to go?
- Gotta get this money. man.
- Hey. man.
You know the police hot out here.
♪ I just really hope you know it ♪
♪ I just really hope you
know that you're mine. girl ♪
♪ So baby. in my lineup ♪
(melancholy piano music)
(bottles clink)
(peaceful pop music)
♪ If I could agree with you ♪
♪ How wrong we both could be ♪
(somber music)
(phone vibrates)
- Hey.
Yeah. I'm workin' on it.
(bag unzips)
I told you. I'm workin' on it. all right?
Hey. I got some business I
gotta take care of. all right?
I'm gonna call you later.
(bag zips)
(car bleeps)
Look. I told you I'm gonna
get the money! Stop callin'!
(groans)
(thuds)
(coughs)
(grunts)
- Yuliya?
Yuliya. there is some
deranged stalker outside
that just tried to grab me and rape me.
- Grab you. rape you?
What do you mean? Where is security?
- How am I supposed to know?
- Well. I'm calling security right now.
How does he look like?
(knocks)
(man coughs)
Tyrese.
- Yuliya. some crazy lady just
forgot her iPad on top of the car.
- Some deranged stalker terrorist
is outside the building.
Yes!
Yes. outside.
Right now.
Hey. talk to Bill. Give him a description.
- (clears throat) Nevermind.
- What do you mean. nevermind?
If there is some deranged
rapist stalker terrorist running
around this building. security
needs to know about it!
(chuckles)
Hey. Bill. Nevermind.
Well. now when we find your iPad.
what about some cup of tea?
Hm?
(chuckles)
That was awkward. (chuckles)
- Well. what would you have thought?
- I don't know. Maybe the
same things. but I know him.
Trust me. he's a good guy.
- Well. I hope you're right.
because I have to spend the
next three days with him.
- And three nights.
- Yuliya. get your head out of the gutter.
- I'm just sayin'! It's been a while.
(chuckles)
- Here.
No. you think here?
(knocks)
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
- That's what I was-
- Oh. hey. Vin.
Come on in.
Janine. this is Vin. Vin. Janine.
So. how's it goin'?
- Screw you. Greg. When do I get paid?
- I'll be along in a few
minutes to meet the new clients.
Send Ragan in. please.
- Okay.
- [Greg] So. are you going to hike
the whole Appalachian Trail?
- Yeah. Until my money runs out.
Who am I working with?
- I think you're gonna like her.
I think you two are gonna
get along pretty well.
(knocks)
- You wanted to see me?
- Yes. please. come on in.
Ragan. this is Vin. Vin. this is Ragan.
He's going to be the guy
who's going to go with you to set up.
- Wait a minute. Yuliya
got me somebody already.
He's down at the car waiting right now.
- Oh. she did. did she?
Well. send him home.
I got somebody.
- Send this guy home.
- Send me home?
- Excuse me. Greg?
(knocks)
We're gonna be late.
- Yes.
Listen. just take the both of them.
- Look. Greg. if I gotta
spend the next three days
with this bimbo. I'd rather
go with somebody else.
- [Ragan] Fine with me.
- Listen. you are going to go with her.
and you are going to go
with him. and that's final.
(playful orchestral music)
- So. what can you tell
me about this neanderthal?
- Vin? Oh. he's a good guy.
You'll like him.
- Hey. before you leave.
what did you think of the
proposals that I drew up?
- Listen. you were hired to look good.
and to present out products.
Writing advertising proposals
is not in your job description.
(elevator dings)
Listen. if you can sign
up six new clients.
and you can stay with Vin for
three days. I promise you.
I will look at every single
proposal that you give me. okay?
Thank you.
- [Man On TV] And the
ghouls disturb you. darling?
- Darling. the only ghoul
in the house is you.
- Then don't sit up all night.
thinking of ways to get rid of me.
- [Reporter] Fire until the danger is...
- Come on. let's go. We
need to get on the road.
- Are we having a monthly visit?
(phone rings)
- Jerk.
Tyrese. this is Vin. Vin. Tyrese.
(somber music)
Put your things in the trunk.
(playful orchestral music)
- Shotgun.
- No. you. in the back.
- So. what cities are we
going to. Your Highness?
- We're going to Knoxville
today. Louisville tomorrow.
and then Nashville.
- Nashville?
- Yeah. Nashville.
(truck horn blares)
- My bad. y'all.
- Hey. Boss. Can we turn
the radio on. please?
(Ragan sighs)
(radio chatter)
(static hisses and crackles)
- [Woman On Radio] When
I was a little girl.
I dreamed of being a singer
I'd prance around the house
with an empty toilet paper roll-
- What is this?
I thought we were going
to listen to music.
- You've never heard of Jen Desmond?
I love listening to her messages.
- Jen Desmond? No.
- Can never hurt anyone
to listen to an inspirational message.
- You know what?
I changed my mind. We
can turn the radio off.
- What? You have problem
with women preachers?
- [Jen] So these virgins
head out with their lambs...
(peaceful acoustic music)
- So. tell me about yourself.
- You talkin' to me?
- She's not talkin' to me.
- (sighs) Yes. you.
- Well. what you wanna know?
- I don't know. What do you like to do?
- I like to make money.
- Come on.
Do you like to read?
Dance? Paint?
- Maybe I like to paint.
Maybe I like to draw.
- Do you ever dream of
doing it professionally?
- No. Right now. my only
concern is making money.
- What about you? What's
your dreams. Ragan?
- Right now. just to get
through the next three days.
- Come on. What's your dream?
Wait. I know.
You wanna be a professional gold digger.
No? That's not it?
A Hooters waitress. A really good one.
If you've not already worked there before.
I know. uh. a vampire slayer. Like Buffy.
You kinda look like her.
That's not it either?
Huh.
An adult entertainer.
- Why don't you just shut up?
- Seriously. what's your dream?
- If I tell you. will you just shut up?
- Maybe.
Maybe not.
- Maybe I want to be an
advertising executive.
But after today I might just
wanna become a contract killer.
♪ Baby. in your loving arms ♪
- Tyrese.
You. uh... You ever do graffiti?
- Uh. no.
- Guess it's your time
of the month too. huh?
- Look. don't make me hurt you.
- That's childish.
I think the next time we stop.
I'm gonna get you a coloring book.
- How about the next time we stop.
I'll color your face black and blue. hm?
- (chuckles) Oh. a face painter!
Now. that is a talent.
You could actually take that on the road.
Uh. carnivals. festivals.
- Keep talkin' and we can step outside
and handle this like men.
- I'm not afraid of a face painter.
- [Ragan] Come on. guys. We
don't have time for this.
- [Vin] Really?
(car door slams)
- Let's go!
(upbeat electronic music)
- Okay. Princess. Everything's ready.
- Good.
- Yeah. you're welcome. No problem.
I'll be outside.
- You need anything else?
(Ragan sighs)
(melancholy piano music)
- Nope.
Uh. hey.
Um...
Thanks for the iPad.
(melancholy piano music)
(rain splashes)
(background chatter)
- Hey. Mackenzie.
- Hey.
Shh.
- Okay.
- I want you to really try
to memorize this stuff.
Hey.
Beautiful.
- How's it goin'?
- It's goin' okay.
We still have a lot of things to bang out.
- Well. we also have a
few things to bang out.
I brought some candy.
- Honey.
- Oh. I'm so sorry.
I'm really sorry.
- Please be careful.
- Hey. do you think we could go outside
and talk for a few minutes?
- We can talk here. What's up?
- Just wanted to tell you I love you.
- I'm sorry. I just don't have time now.
(door slams)
- [Ragan] Confusion looks odd for a guy
who knows everything.
- Are you done?
- Go get the stuff so
we can go to the hotel.
- Yes. Your Majesty.
(switch clicks)
My bed.
- Officer Kent Barnes was
acquitted on all accounts in the
shooting death of the unarmed
black motorist. Jessie Carvel.
which was all caught on video.
With us tonight are legal
experts Adam Johnston
and Max Pearson to discuss the verdict.
Adam. you first. What are your thoughts?
- Any time human life is
lost. it is a terrible.
terrible situation. and
this is no exception.
But I believe the evidence
presented to the jury
and what the jury heard and saw.
they had no other choice but
to exonerate Officer Barnes.
And the truth is that Mr. Carvel
did not comply with Officer Barnes.
- [Anchor] Max. what about you?
Would you like to weigh in?
- I would first like to say that
what the police officer done was wrong.
What is tragic was the injustice done
to the life of an innocent man.
Mr. Carvel posed no threat
to the police officer
in the first place.
The police in this community
have gotten away with
harassment. beating and
arresting of African Americans
without any probable cause
and gotten away with it.
- Adam. I'm not sure the community
would agree with the verdict.
We're seeing a lot of
widespread riots and looting.
(protestors yell)
- Animals.
- What?
- Animals destroying property.
- So what you really trying to say?
- What I'm trying to say is somebody
needs to lock these thugs
up and throw away the key.
- Hm.
So you callin' 'em thugs. but
what do you really wanna say?
(Vin chuckles)
- Look. man. I'm not afraid of you.
And your momma's not here to save you.
- I'm gonna tell you.
you got about five seconds
to get out my face.
- Or what?
- [Anchor] And there was
another drive-by shooting today
downtown that appears to be gang related.
but there are no suspects yet.
(knocks)
- Hey. I'm gonna go get some
dinner. You guys wanna go?
- [Vin] Yeah. go be with your momma.
- You just saved his life.
(Vin sighs)
(protestors yell)
- [Protestor] Oh. yeah!
- Do you have any of
your art on your phone?
- Maybe.
- I wanna see it.
- [Tyrese] Just swipe it.
- Wow. these are good.
This is really. really good.
This is not what I was expecting.
- This is not what I expected. either.
- You're talented.
Hey. have you ever thought
about doing graphic design?
- What?
- Have you thought about
doing graphic design before?
- No. I'd have to get a
computer and all the programs.
Just ain't got the money.
- You should look into it.
Seriously.
Aw. she's so cute.
Who is this?
- That's my daughter.
- Will you be dining alone today?
- Yeah.
- [Waitress] Can I bring you a drink menu?
- I'll stick with water.
- Okay. I'll be right
back to get your order.
(peaceful acoustic music)
- [Ragan] Are you good
friends with Yuliya?
- We talk from time to time.
At preschool. That's where our
kids are in class together.
(phone vibrates)
- Out of the blue. she just
offered you a temp job?
- Well. I have sort of a situation.
- Situation?
What's your situation?
(phone vibrates)
- Money. Baby Mama drama.
- Oh.
Child support?
Well. Yuliya. she's the
best. She got me my job. too.
- So what exactly is your job?
- (sighs) I'm just a fluff girl.
- A what?
- You know. I set up the
displays. and play the video.
You know. give out things
and answer any questions.
- Oh. okay. Sounds like the
fluff girl really loves her job.
- Yeah. just livin' the dream!
(phone vibrates)
- [Phone] You have one new message.
- [Jay] Hey. Ragan. Look. this is Jay.
I need you to... Hold on.
Man. can't you see I'm on the phone? Yeah.
All right. look.
Look. this is Jay. I
need you to call me back
so we can talk about this laptop thing.
I'm really thinking that
this thing can be huge
and I'm not sure how long
they're gonna sit on it. so.
you need to make a decision. all right?
So call me. like now.
(Ragan sighs)
(phone rings)
- Hey. Sheri.
- Hey.
We need to talk.
I hope you're by yourself.
- No. I can be.
Could you just give me a minute?
(Jay chuckles)
(door opens)
(door closes)
What's wrong?
- (sighs) I hope you're sitting down.
- Hey. Ragan. they're ready...
What are you doin'?
Why aren't you dressed?
Time is money. come on!
- 30 minutes.
I need to get my mind together.
(Jay sighs)
(pills rattle)
- Tell you what.
You've got five minutes.
You owe this time. all right?
All right.
(door closes)
(upbeat acoustic music)
- What's that?
That's a good book.
I like Einstein. too.
- Well. I guess liking Einstein
doesn't make you smarter now. does it?
(Vin sighs)
- What do you say we
put yesterday behind us?
(Tyrese sighs)
- Fine.
- Okay.
She's. uh. she's gonna
be in there for a while.
You wanna go do somethin'?
- Like what?
- [Woman] Hey. guys. can I help you?
- Yeah. we wanted to play a couple games.
- Well. there's a tournament
going on right now. so...
- Can we get in?
- Whoa!
You any good?
- Any good?
Man. you gotta watch
and learn from the best.
- Whatever.
(woman chuckles)
- Well. a team did just drop out.
If you guys want. y'all
can take their place.
$1.000 if you win.
Hey. here's your first ones.
- (chuckles) It's on. you guys.
(upbeat music)
(balls clack)
(groans)
(spectators applaud)
- Those guys were gonna meet us outside.
The dude's arms were this huge.
- Well. (chuckles) the swamp
people ain't gonna get you.
(Vin chuckles)
- [Ragan] What happened? Did
you two kiss and make up?
- Why? Are you jealous?
- You want another one?
- (chuckles) No. we're good.
- [Ragan] Get the stuff.
- A real party I've ever had.
All my life. I've had
to live quite simply.
and now that I have money enough
to do everything I want...
(phone rings)
I really don't quite know how to start.
- Hey. baby girl. How you doin'?
Yeah. (chuckles)
I miss you.
- I miss you. too!
(knocks)
I went to the store and
I took some pictures.
- Daddy will be home soon. I
promise. All right. baby girl?
What was that?
What's that?
- Hey. Tyrese.
I'm gonna go get some
dinner. Do you wanna go?
- No. I'm good. Y'all go ahead.
- Wait.
What about me?
- You look so pretty.
I like that. Mm-hm.
(Ragan sighs)
- [Woman On TV] I don't remember.
(man on TV blows his nose)
(jazzy piano music)
- No. thanks. I'm gonna stick with water.
Thank you.
- What?
- You got me curious.
- What do you mean?
- I mean. your hair is perfect.
your makeup is perfect.
you're wearing a very elegant outfit.
and you got a really nice shape.
And those.
Are those real?
- What?
- I'm just saying. you
seem smarter than you look.
- Really?
(water splashes)
Are you as dumb as you look?
(traffic roars)
- Ragan.
Ragan. wait.
Wait.
- You are the biggest idiotic imbecile
that I have ever met in my entire life.
- I think you misunderstood
what I'm trying to say.
(Ragan scoffs)
I just wanna know about the real you.
- Are you serious?
That coming from a guy who points at these
and asks me if they're real?
- It was just a question!
- Is that supposed to be an apology?
- I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have said it.
- Obviously.
- What I was trying to say is
I'm guessing that the real
Ragan is just as intelligent
as she is beautiful.
- Well. you sure have a weird
way of complimenting a woman.
But thank you.
- You still hungry?
Just a little bit?
Come on.
You know I'm gonna get you back
for throwin' that water in my face. right?
- Don't threaten me. Next
time. it'll be a plate.
- Today. in the midst of
the riots and protests.
there has been another shooting
of an unarmed black man.
and it was caught on video.
We are going to show you that footage.
Viewer discretion is advised.
(gun fires rapidly)
- Guys. we've had a report of
several break-ins in the area
and you guys fit the description.
- I fit the description?
- All right. guys. look. I'm
gonna need to see some IDs.
Everybody get your IDs out for me. please.
- Oh. my God.
- [Officer] All right.
you guys just hold tight.
I'm gonna be right back.
- Think these are the guys?
- Think so.
- Oh. man. this never fails.
(muffled chatter)
- Let's go get these guys.
- Okay.
I need you boys to get out of the vehicle.
(smooth jazz music)
- Stacy better not be there.
- What's wrong with Stacy?
I thought-
- "What's wrong with Stacy?"
Are you serious?
I do not like that girl
and if she's at my...
(box clatters)
Kim!
Really?
Thank you.
- No problem.
- [Kim] Thank you.
- Where am I taking this to?
- Ballroom A. right around the corner?
Thank you so much.
I'm Melanie and this is Kim.
- Hey.
- Tyrese.
So. uh. is this a sweet 16 party?
- You're funny.
A party? Yes.
But a sweet 16? No.
You should come by tonight.
Bring your girlfriend?
- (chuckles) You funny.
No. I'm just in town on a business trip
with a couple of co-workers.
- Where you from. Tyrese?
- ATL.
- Oh!
We love Atlanta.
- Mm-hm.
Yeah. we've had some
crazy nights in Atlanta.
- For real?
- No. not that crazy.
But you should come by tonight.
Bring your co-workers? Starts at nine.
- Well. it depends.
- Depends on what?
- On how crazy you guys get.
- Well. I guess you will just
have to come and find out.
- [Melanie] Bye.
- So what time are we
leavin' in the morning?
- We need to leave around six.
That'll give us time to
get there and set up.
- Hey. wait a minute.
I need to talk to that guy over there.
- What guy?
- Will you just turn around. please?
(crickets chirp)
(car door opens)
(car door closes)
(melancholy piano music)
Hey. man.
- Hey.
- You hungry?
- Yeah. yeah.
Thanks.
- No problem. Just some leftovers.
So. where do you sleep?
- Um...
It depends.
Under bridges. cardboard boxes.
And when it's freezing out.
I'll sleep in a dumpster.
- You ever get into shelter anywhere?
- They're always full. you know?
And I'm kinda better
off keepin' to myself.
So I've got a sign. though.
and I wave it around and ask for help.
But most people just walk by
and they don't take the time
of day to help a bum like me.
- You're not a bum.
You're a human being.
Here.
(man chuckles)
- God bless you.
Yeah.
- God bless us all.
I wish I could do more.
- You know. you could pray for me.
- [Vin] Lord. I pray you protect this man.
Lord. I pray you keep him safe. Lord God.
- That was wonderful what
you did with that guy.
I've never prayed in public before.
- Never?
- Never.
- Yeah. I guess whenever
I see somebody homeless.
I just try to help them
out as much as I can.
- Why?
- Well. let's just say I had a
friend who was a youth pastor
who ended living on the streets.
- A youth pastor?
What happened?
(Vin sighs)
- Well. he was married.
Had a great life.
A good job.
He and his wife hit a rough spot.
And he came home one day to
an empty house and a Dear John
letter sayin' that she
had found somebody else.
- Oh. my goodness.
- Yeah. it wrecked him.
He kinda lost hope in everything.
Started drinking a lot.
Lost contact with his
parents in Nashville.
Lost his job.
And in three months. he
was a full-blown alcoholic.
living on the streets.
- Where is he at now?
(Vin chuckles)
- Well. for months. he
slept on the wet concrete.
rats runnin' around his head.
and one day. a ministry
group was handing out food
and they offered to help him out.
- So he took the help?
- He did.
And two days from now.
he'll be six-months sober.
- And did he get back with his wife?
- No. he just wanted to disappear.
He decided to hike the Appalachian Trail
and when his money ran out.
he found a small town nearby to live in
and nobody ever heard from him again.
- That's a sad ending.
Maybe he'll find love again.
- Yeah.
Maybe.
This is me.
- I'm down the hall.
- Truce?
(door creaks)
(door closes)
- Anyways. I just got
invited to a party downstairs
by some girls I ran into in the lobby.
Do you guys wanna go?
- I don't know.
We have to be outta here
by six in the morning.
- Come on. I mean. we can go.
Let's just not stay late.
- I mean. it's okay if you guys
need a little bit of alone time.
- No. let's go.
(upbeat hip-hop music)
(background chatter)
(Melanie chuckles)
(muffled chatter)
- Ladies and gentlemen.
Let's raise our glasses
and toast our graduate.
Dr. Melanie Jenkins!
(guests cheer and applaud)
Let's get this party started!
(guests cheer)
(upbeat music)
♪ I've got to make a decision ♪
♪ Switch up the way I was living ♪
♪ I had to let it go ♪
♪ Of yesterday. yesterday.
I'll fix tomorrow ♪
♪ I had to make a decision ♪
♪ Switch up the way I was living ♪
♪ I had to let it go ♪
♪ Of yesterday. yesterday.
I'll fix tomorrow ♪
♪ Here I lay all alone ♪
♪ Tossing. turning ♪
- Do you wanna dance?
♪ Tender love ♪
♪ I'm waiting for the right ♪
♪ Moment to come ♪
♪ So I can thank you for ♪
♪ All the tender love you've given to me ♪
(peaceful orchestral music)
(peaceful acoustic music)
(birds tweet)
- [Vin] Three creams. three sugars. right?
- Yes. Thank you.
- [Vin] You're welcome.
- Ew.
Did you put salt in my coffee?
(Vin chuckles)
You did put salt in my coffee!
- I told you I'd get you back.
- Oh!
(sighs) You butt head.
(phone rings)
Hello?
Are you serious?
We're just 20 minutes out.
I just needed one more sale.
(sighs) Okay.
Bye.
Well. our last meeting was canceled.
Don't worry. it's not
gonna affect your pay.
Hey. don't your parents live in Nashville?
- Possibly.
Why?
- Well. when was the
last time you saw them?
- Let's not go there.
- Every parent wants to see their child.
- Come on. man! You
look like a mama's boy.
- Give 'em a call.
(doorbell rings)
- There's my Winnie!
Come here. baby!
Oh! (chuckles)
Well. who are your friends?
- This is Ragan.
- Hi.
- Hey. Ragan.
- And this Tyrese.
- Hi. Tyrese.
I'm Maggie.
Come on in!
- This is gorgeous.
I love the design.
- Oh. thank you.
Well. can I get you
guys something to drink?
I have some sweet tea.
Okay. great!
Well. go on in! Sit down
and I'll be right back.
- Maggie. let me help you.
- Okay. great.
(peaceful acoustic music)
- What?
- "Winnie"?
(Vin scoffs)
- Shut up. man.
- Is that you?
- [Vin] That was a long time ago.
- Oh. man.
- Hey you go. honey.
- Thanks. Mom.
- I am so glad you're here.
I missed you.
- I missed you too.
Mom. where's Dad at?
- I called him and told
him you were coming.
so he's on his way.
- All right.
- Oh. I think I hear him.
(door closes)
- Son.
- Hey. Dad.
Dad. these are my friends.
This is Tyrese.
- Tyrese.
- And this is Ragan.
- Ragan. Good to meet you both.
It's been a long time.
- Yeah. it has.
You'd be proud of me. Dad.
I'll be sober six months tomorrow.
- Congratulations!
You oughta call Mackenzie
and let her know.
(Vin sighs)
- Dad. that chapter's over.
- Now. son. are you really
gonna throw everything
down the drain because of a
couple of bumps in the road?
- Well. it was nice to see you. Dad.
Mom. it was really nice to see you.
Thank you for the tea.
We gotta get goin'.
- So soon? Oh. honey. can't
you stay a little longer?
- Son. Son. how long are you
gonna run away from everything?
- Winston. Maggie. it
was so nice to meet you.
Thank you for the tea.
- Yeah. thank you guys. but
we better catch little Winnie.
- What?
- Pull over. I'm gonna talk to him.
Vin.
Vin. wait up.
My parents get on my case too.
- I just don't need to be reminded
of how much of a failure I am.
- You're not a failure.
Everybody falls short.
But not everybody got
back up like you did.
(Vin sighs)
And tomorrow will be six months.
That doesn't sound like a failure to me.
- Every day. I want to drink.
(melancholy piano music)
But I don't.
I want to drink right now.
I'm not going to.
I just can't go back to the
darkest place of my life.
- Well. where do you
want to go in your life?
- I don't know.
But I can't go back.
- Good.
Do you remember that female
preacher that you hate so much?
Well. she's gonna be preaching
at a church later on tonight.
We should go check her out.
And then we can go home.
- Okay. and what do we do until then?
- Well. Winnie. why don't you
show us around Music City?
(Vin chuckles)
(Vin moans)
- Right this way. Your Highness.
And don't call me Winnie.
(car door slams)
(upbeat acoustic music)
♪ Grab your friends. find your enemies ♪
♪ And make amends and
we'll meet in the middle ♪
♪ Take the pride and set it aside ♪
♪ My hands will build you a shield ♪
♪ And we'll solve the riddle ♪
♪ And we'll remember these times.
we'll remember these times ♪
(upbeat music)
♪ In all we say and do ♪
♪ May our lives glorify you ♪
♪ In all we do today ♪
♪ May our lives bring you praise ♪
♪ And may our worship
be more than a song ♪
♪ More than an hour long ♪
♪ More than the time we meet ♪
♪ Let your praise rise continually ♪
♪ Through the lives that we lead ♪
♪ Seven days a week ♪
- Do you ever have those times
that you just feel like a failure?
You know those times that you
just can't get anything right?
I'm here tonight to say
that you are not a failure.
You have been made by a most high God
for a most high purpose.
And all those little imperfections
that you think that you have
that you think will stop God
from working out his plan in your life?
Those things do not stand
in the way of our master.
God loves imperfect people.
- Yeah.
- He doesn't look at outward appearances.
He looks at our heart.
I once. I was lost.
But now. I'm found.
I was blind.
but hallelujah. now I see!
(audience cheers and applauds)
Imperfect people are a part of God's plan.
So stop running from your pain!
And praise God in the midst of it.
He is what we need!
You need love?
He is love.
You need the power to forgive?
Oh. he'll give you the
strength to forgive.
if you ask him and if
you believe him for it.
Jesus is enough!
God is enough!
Say it with me! God is enough!
- [Audience] God is enough.
- I am enough!
- [Audience] I am enough.
- I have enough!
- I have enough.
- I can do all things through Christ.
because he strengthens me!
Then do it.
Praise the name of the
living God. Hallelujah!
(melancholy piano music)
- Look at him. He is passed out.
(Vin and Ragan chuckle)
Wake up. Tyrese. We're here.
(phone vibrates)
(phone chimes)
(car door slams)
Hey. are you okay?
- [Vin] I'm fine.
- Are you sure?
You don't look fine to me.
- What do you know?
You're just a dumb model.
You're not a shrink.
(sighs)
- It was a pleasure working with you.
- Ragan!
Ragan. wait.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean it.
- Hush.
Some of this may be fake...
But this?
This is real.
I wish I never met you. and
I hope I never see you again.
No wonder your wife left you.
You're a drunk and a jerk.
- Mm-mm-mm.
White people.
(somber acoustic music)
(door creaks)
(suspenseful music)
(chains clink)
(Ragan pants)
(Ragan coughs)
(ominous tones)
- You're not strong
enough to break them all.
- What do you want?
(man chuckles)
(ominous tones)
- Everything.
(somber piano music)
(Tyrese breathes deeply)
(knocks)
(switch clicks)
- Tyrese Grant?
- Yeah.
- You've been served.
(door slams)
(somber piano music)
(Tyrese sighs)
- [Homeless Man] Thank you. God bless you.
(background chatter)
(keyboard clacks)
(mouse clicks)
(pen clicks rapidly)
- So you don't have any experience?
- No. but I'm a fast
learner and a hard worker.
(pen clicks rapidly)
- This says you have a criminal record?
- Yeah. but it's just for child support.
(pen clicks)
- Between me and you. our company normally
doesn't hire anybody
with a criminal record.
And even if I bypass your record.
this job requires someone with experience.
(somber piano music)
Tell you what.
I'm gonna look at a
couple of other people.
And we'll just see. okay?
- Okay.
Thank you.
- Hey. Greg.
- Hey. Ragan. So how'd it go?
- I was one short of making my quota.
but the last meeting was
canceled. so it's not my fault.
And I did put up with Vin!
Doesn't that count for anything?
And I got a few more promising referrals.
- That's good. Ragan. Good.
(door closes)
- Look. Greg. I think I would do
much better in the advertising department.
- [Greg] Ragan. can't
you see I'm busy here?
Can this wait?
- Wait? How long do I have to wait?
I have been trying to talk to
you about this for months now.
What are you lookin' at?
- Wow.
- Ragan. look. I mean no disrespect.
but advertising is a tough field.
and it takes a lot of. a lot of. um-
- Brains?
- (sighs) Ragan. come on.
- Come on?
(sighs) You know what? I hate this job.
I hate your goofy haircut. I
hate the sound of your voice.
But most of all. I hate
the way you talk to me!
(playful orchestral music)
(water splashes)
By the way. I quit.
- Wow.
(Greg sighs)
- Fans saw you missed the goal.
Don't make no difference
whether you missed the goal.
The fans are goin'. "Slow.
you missed!" A miss is a miss!
(chatter from TV)
- [Woman On TV] And off
the streets where...
- Barnum. you're entirely too linear!
(knocks)
(melancholy piano music)
(door creaks)
- Hi.
Can we talk inside?
- [Man On TV] And educate the youngsters
towards a better life.
Joy out of life.
- [Vin] Let's walk.
(somber music)
(crickets chirp)
- Doesn't that remind
you of our first date?
(woman giggles)
- Why are you here?
- I just came to see if
you wanted some candy.
(Vin sighs)
- No. I'm good.
- Your parents called me.
How have you been?
- How do you think I've been?
I mean. it's been wonderful
livin' a roach motel.
It's been great.
- Look.
I'm sorry for what I did to you.
But I wanna make this right.
- Why didn't you say all this
before you cheated on me?
- Sometimes when you're lonely
and hurt and vulnerable.
you do things you regret.
(Vin sighs)
But I promise you. it meant nothing.
- I really don't have time for this today.
Will you just leave?
Please?
And don't come back.
- I'm sorry that I hurt you.
I just hope one day you can forgive me.
(Vin sighs)
(woman giggles)
(chip clinks)
(somber acoustic music)
(photos clatter)
(Vin breathes deeply)
(bright piano music)
- Hey. Jay.
- Hey.
Hey. girl.
Look. I'm glad you came. I'm glad.
Listen. you don't have
anything to worry about. okay?
I've seen it a couple of times.
and your performance was outstanding.
Listen. this...
This can be like really. really
big for your career. okay?
- Jay. don't BS me!
- Shh!
- Sorry.
How did this happen?
- Okay.
Your ex-boyfriend. yeah.
he. uh. he got "careless"
and he lost his laptop.
and then SinAmerica.com.
they got a hold of the footage.
Your boyfriend. he signed off on it.
and so now. it's. it's on you.
- And what if I don't?
- Look.
I've tried to protect you.
I've used every connection I've got.
But eventually. it's.
it's gonna get out there.
No. listen. We might as well
make some money on this. okay?
(muffled hip-hop music)
- [Friend] Tyrese! What's up. man?
What's up. homie?
- What's up. y'all?
- Man. get in here. cuz. Come on. man.
That tight suit. Real deep playin'.
♪ And you know I'm goin' all in ♪
♪ I just really hope you know it ♪
♪ I just really hope you
know that you're mine. girl ♪
♪ So baby. in my lineup.
when you make your mind up ♪
♪ I said that I love you and
you know I'm going all in ♪
- For real. Why you here
dressed like Deacon Johnson?
(friends laugh)
- 'Cause I had a job interview.
- Question is. did you get the job. man?
You ain't got no job. Tommy.
(laughs)
(somber piano music)
(bottles clink)
(ominous tones)
- Winnie!
What it do?
- T. what's up. man?
Good to see you. man.
You just left church?
You look like Deacon Johnson.
- Yeah. funny.
(Vin chuckles)
What you doin' over here?
- [Vin] Man. I actually
live on this side of town.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- You want one?
- Yeah. I'll take one.
- All right. no problem.
- Thank you.
♪ So baby. in my lineup ♪
- You know. you should probably
apologize to Ragan. right?
- You're right. I should.
♪ I just really hope you know it ♪
♪ I just really hope you
know that you're mine. girl ♪
♪ Baby. make your mind up ♪
♪ Make it up ♪
- Hey!
Turn that crap down!
- What?
- Turn that crap down!
- Man. we ain't turnin' nothin' down. man.
- Why don't you take that
noise down the block?
- Hold up. man. What you talkin'
about. "take that noise"...
(gun fires)
(groans)
(tires screech)
(audience applauds)
(bright piano music)
- So how long do I have until
I have to give them an answer?
- I don't know. like...
Like yesterday?
Look.
If this thing leaks before you sign.
then we get nothing.
But if you sign. then...
Cha-ching.
(Ragan sighs)
(phone rings)
- Shh!
- I can't talk right now.
Are you serious?
Yuliya. stop playing games with me.
Well. where are they at?
Yeah. okay.
I need to go.
- No. no. no. Hey. hey.
No. don't... Ragan!
Ragan!
(somber orchestral music)
(machine bleeps rhythmically)
(Ragan sobs)
- Vin. I don't know if you
can hear me. but it's Ragan.
I'm sorry for what I said. okay?
I didn't mean it.
Even though sometimes you say things
that make me wanna strangle you.
I'd rather fight with you
than see you like this.
You have to get better so we
can go back to fighting. okay?
(sniffles)
I still owe you one for
putting that salt in my coffee. Winnie.
You look nice.
(Tyrese chuckles)
- How was work today?
- I quit today. actually.
- You did?
I've been lookin' for a job
and you just quit yours?
- Yeah.
Yeah. I did.
- Mm-mm.
Well. now you can finally
go into advertising.
- I don't know.
We don't always get to
do what we want in life.
- Hm.
Well. I think you're smart
enough to go into advertising.
But I respect you. either way.
- Thanks. Tyrese.
(sighs)
- Should we go and talk to them?
- Yeah.
Hello.
- Hello.
I'm so sorry. but I can't
remember your names.
- I'm Ragan.
- Tyrese.
- [Winston] Hi.
- [Ragan] I'm so sorry.
What happened to your son.
- Thank you.
- [Winston] Thank you.
- If you wouldn't mind.
I would really love to pray with you.
for him right now.
Father God. we come to
you in the name of Jesus
to pray for Vin.
(Tyrese sighs)
(somber piano music)
(phone chimes)
(warm piano music)
(switch clicks)
- Tell us how you got started.
- Well. I had $500. so
I bought a computer.
then I taught myself graphic design.
- Well. you've landed a lot of big deals
for your first year in business.
Tell me. how do you think
you were able to accomplish
so much with just $500?
- You know. sometimes the
hardest thing to do in life
is believe in yourself.
You gotta have a great team behind you
willing to help you achieve your vision.
- Daddy!
(Tyrese laughs)
- How you doin'?
- Good.
- You good?
All right. you ready to go be great?
Yeah. let's go.
- [Vin] Hey.
- [Ragan] Hey.
- I'm so glad you could make it.
- You know I wouldn't
miss it for the world.
- Hey. princess!
(Ragan gasps)
How are you?
- Good.
- Good!
You're getting so big!
What's up. man?
- Hey.
- Hey. sweetheart.
- Hey. we saw the news piece. Good stuff.
- Yeah. we make a pretty good team.
- Yep. The best.
(upbeat acoustic music)
(peaceful acoustic music)